Fix wording around github package installation (#596)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

- The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).

> - Private GitHub repositories hosting code for each of your Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/). 
> - An [SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).
- A private GitHub repository for each of your custom Python packages.
- An [SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo(s).
```

- The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).

> - Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).

Reviewer: How likely do you think it is that anyone who wants to install these packages is already aware that they need to be installable via pip? Is there another packaging format that they might be using? The reason I wanted to separate the prereqs is that one prereq explains the need for the packages to be installable by pip, while the other explains the need to have a repo for each package. 

I'm hesitant to list two separate prereqs in the same line, but we can remove the `pip` prereq then I can see keeping this as a single line

> - Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).

Author: I want to link them together, because it is possible to mix private and public packages (as shown in the example requirements.txt). If we say that the Python packages are hosted on a private github repo, it sounds like ALL the packages need to be on a private repo

> - Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).

Author: Yeah! I like it!!
